+++
title = '2023 April Fools Jam'
date = 2023-02-17T12:09:26-05:00
draft = false 
summary = 'April 2023 Fools Jam'
tags = ['events']
+++

**The April Fools Jam has finished**

Entrants were:
 - [scaf](https://github.com/klm127/scaf)
 - [MicroMacro](https://github.com/CaptainWonders/MicroMacro)
 - [PlannerPogram](https://github.com/paulshriner/PlannerProgram)

# What?

Come by PennWest California or participate remotely in a coding competition and flex your coding skills!

Teams have 48 hours to submit a project in a language of their choice to be judged by our panel of expert judges.


# When, Where

The first annual PennWest Programming Club Code Jam will be held on April 1st, 2023.

There will be an in-person gathering from 10 AM to 10 PM in Natali in the Game Room, the "Energy Zone", next to Chick-Fil-A. Submissions will be allowed throughout the day.

You can also participate remotely.

# What

Languages can be C/C++, Python, Java, and JavaScript.

There will be a set of prompts to choose from that will be revealed on 12:00 am on April 1st. You code throughout the weekend and submit for judgment before 11:59 PM on Sunday.

You can submit either a GitHub repo link or a zipped version of your files. Your submission will include at least a video or documentation of what your submission should do. Your project must be buildable on Windows; ensure you include build instructions. 

Submissions will be graded on functionality, creativity, performance, and documentation. 

# How

The submission link will be posted on April 1st. There is no pre-registration. 
